`flow clean [target] --options`

  [target] is implied as your current system if not specified.

  WARNING : clean will delete the folders in the output directory without asking for confirmation.
  since these are generated by the builds themselves, this is normally ok but TAKE NOTE anyway.
  If you want to be sure to not lose any builds, use `flow package` to quickly save an archived copy before cleaning.

  clean will remove the output folder, as well as the build output folder.
  by default, this is `bin/(target)/` and `bin/(target).build/`,
  for example on mac, `bin/mac64/` and `bin/mac64.build/` would be removed entirely.

  PLEASE TAKE NOTE of the fact this will remove the folders, not store them in trash/recycle bin.

  options
    --all
        removes ALL folders inside of the app output path.
        for example, by default, this would delete (project)/bin entirely.

    --clean-build
        Removes the build folder for the target only.
        Not compatible with --all
        Can combine with --clean-output, which is the equivalent of clean without flags

    --clean-outout
        Removes the output folder for the target only.
        Not compatible with --all
        Can combine with --clean-build, which is the equivalent of clean without flags

  examples

    `flow clean`
    `flow clean --all`

    `flow clean windows --clean-output`
      remove only the bin/windows/ folder, forcing new copy/generate only

    `flow clean mac --clean-build`
      remove only the bin/mac.build/ folder, forcing a new build